Next two releases:
use bitmasks where possible, add these to init list for part_types
splitting of powder.c
feature freeze
Focus on scalability
stability, possibly not use -O3 on linux, inlines where possible.
performance.
Multithreading?

Murtaughs roadmap:
Mur's V1.0-V1.2:
Added these elements:
	BASE - Neutralizes ACID and produces SLTW. Deadly/Poisonous for stickman;
	FRON - Freon, cold gas;
	FOIL - Freon, but liquid. Also "refrigerator oil";
	MUR - Crazy element, a kind of crazy gas that explodes and melt anything;
	HYDR - Hydrogen, very flammable gas, produces water when mixed with oxygen;
	ROCK - Rock/Solid stone. It is like brick, but stronger;
	ALCH - Alcohol. Burns slowly Reduces stickman life;
	PLST - Plastic. Deforms but not disappear. (At first, I thought this one is hard to code but it is very, very easy.);
	PSTR - Plaster. A fragile white-ish solid. turns into DUST under pressure;
	MUD - Self-explanatory. Turns into GRND when heated;
	GRND - Ground. Solid, turns into MUD when mixed with water, into PGRN under pressure;
	PGRN - Powder ground. Turns into MUD when mixed with water;
	HEHC - Higly efficient heat conductor. (NOT instantaneous!) Undestructable;
	CORE - Singularity core. Reacts with almost anything causing a huge explosion. Best reacts with photons and neutrons;
	VIRU - A crazy virus. "Shine on your crazy diamond--Pink Floyd".

Mur's V1.4:
Fixed VIRU and other small things;
Fixed many bugs like Segmentation fault when MUR hits walls.

Mur's V1.5:
Added automatic blendpixel to fancy mode (automatic fancy effects) -- Added to official :)

Mur's V1.6:
Upgraded to V45.2 source code;
Added fullscreen for F11 (Push F11 to go fullscreen; Push F11 again to exit fullscreen);
Fixed dates at the opening screen;
Removed version.h, because it became uselles since a few weeks;
Added glow to MUR;
Fixed some issues with CORE;
Fixed HEHC "ins" to 251;
Added signs for current type, current life (not GoL!) and generation ({type}, {life} and {GoL});
PNLT grows over PGND and GRND in vine mode;
Added these ellements:
	BALL - Bouncy ball. A bit uselles. Also it is a moveable solid.
	MBMB - Murtaugh's version for BOMB. Another moveable solid.
	SEDS - Seeds. Light dust, flammable. Grow when mixed with PGND an GRND

TODO:
Add clickable signs;
Add LEAD - Neutron absorber, current controller;
Add MERC - Mercurium, expands/compress with heat/cold;
Add CAFR - Carbon film resistor;

